yo what's out there people this is
low-carb Cory I have to talk to you guys
about calories in versus calories out
because since I just posted a video
where I said I'm changing my diet up a
little bit so I can lose 6 pounds of fat
in six weeks I gotta get shredded here
guys
my transformation video is coming up
soon a lot of stupid people have been
leaving me comments saying bro losing
six pounds in six weeks is easy it's all
about calories in versus calories out
any can do it by the way that's
with a pH it's some body building
lingo I don't get in that bull I
also get into traditional bulking and
cutting because I think it's completely
retarded to go two steps back which is
putting on a bunch of body fat to take
one step forward and have to actually
burn off online fat so you can look
ripped I'd rather just look ripped all
year round you guys feel me anyway these
stupid people have been saying stuff
like what I just said saying it's all
calories in which is how many calories
you eat in your diet your nutrition
versus calories out which is how many
calories you burn off through exercise
or through fasting like I do or if
you're just reducing your calories
artificially by eating less I say it's
all a bunch of and I'm gonna
debunk it very very easily first of all
before I do Paki let me just point out
that anybody who thinks says calories in
versus calories out if it was that easy
to lose body fat which by the way
completely takes away from all the
complexity of the human body our bodies
are complicated machines it's not simple
it's not like you just eat this and then
it does this no there's all kinds of
metabolic processes that happen
depending on what you eat now if it was
true that it was just calories in versus
calories out when it comes to fat loss
then that would mean that everybody
who's ever done a very low calorie diet
a kmv LCD for example me if I was to say
drop my calories which are normally
needing to be around 24 to 2,800 a day
to maintain my existing body weight
which is about right now 160 pounds at 5
foot 10 if I take that and I drop that
to like I don't know 1,500 calories a
day and I do it on a consistent basis
reporting these people who think as
calories in versus calories out I should
lose a bunch of fat linearly as in in a
straight line for example if my body fat
starts up here and then two weeks later
I've been doing
you know 1,500 calories a day for that
two-week period my body weight should go
like this as should my fat it doesn't
work that way you won't know why your
body's smart it knows that's reading
less calories than you're supposed to
need to maintain your body weight and as
a result you were gonna kill your
metabolism you're gonna slow down the
rate at which you burn calories it's
gonna backfire your heart and then
you're gonna be like a bunch of those
people or sending me an email saying
Corey please help me I did a VL City I
up my metabolism and now I'm
getting fat when I'm trying to put on
more muscle I'm trying to eat more but
it's all turning into fat what do I do
well you can start by never doing a VL
CD again or listening to these morons
who think it's all about calories in
versus calories out also and I want to
use this right now this argument to
prove and debunk once and for all that a
calorie is not a calorie is not a
calorie all calories are not the same I
don't have to do any more than point out
that a calorie of protein is not a
calorie of carbohydrates in a calorie of
carbohydrates is not a calorie of fat
all these things are treated differently
by our body for example if you eat a
gram of protein the same things not
going to happen that would happen if you
ate a gram of carbohydrates let's take
for example what happens to me every
time I do a 36-hour fast I'm completely
tapped out of glycogen my body store
form of sugar is completely gone from my
liver and my muscles for those of you
donned all glycogen is three parts water
for every one part sugar and your liver
you can store about one to two hundred
grams of the stuff basically one to two
hundred grams of sugar and in your
muscles depending on how much muscle you
have you can probably store about 400
grams maybe five or six hundred like if
you're somebody like Arnold
Schwarzenegger in his heyday had a
ton of muscle so he had more room for
glycogen if I go and I eat say a big
bowl of rice after breaking a 36 hour
fast that's gonna either get burned off
at least some of the will and the rest
because my glycogen stores are empty is
gonna be stored as glycogen in my liver
and in my muscles this is something that
endurance athletes know this is why when
an endurance athlete is getting ready
for a big marathon he carves up he
doesn't fat up or protein up you wanna
know why because if he was to eat the
same number of calories of protein he's
not going to get the same effect that he
would if he ate a ton say quinoa or
rice or wheat crackers
whatever you want to eat that stuff
those carbs are gonna go into his liver
and into his muscles and then he can use
that to avoid blocking out for probably
the first 19 miles of a 26-mile marathon
that's smart
I understand why endurance athletes do
that so you see right there that's just
completely debunked the whole calorie is
a calorie argument if that person wants
to say on the other hand for go love the
carbs for Gork carbon up just say
carbs and he went in ate the same amount
of fat it's gonna get burned a lot
slower than the carbs because carbs like
rice turn into sugar in your bloodstream
almost immediately upon you eating them
that doesn't happen with fat and doesn't
happen with protein that takes a very
long time to break down fat is a much
more efficient source of fuel than sugar
and that it takes longer to break down
fat also has nine calories per gram
whereas carbs and protein only have four
calories per gram they're not the same
if anybody wants to tell me hey feel
free to send me a link to some
scientific studies that disprove me the
comment sections down below have at it
till next time don't forget it's never
too late to be who we could've been
respect the vessel and get educated you
dummies piece out